# SatelliteImage
 SoC project 2024

 In this project, we will learn the tools needed to convert satellite images into maps. On our jounery, we started with some basic tools of classification like Principal Component Analysis, regression techniques, Linear and Quadratic Discriminant Analysis, Bayesian classification and Support Vector Machines. 
 The working of these methods, as well as their associated implementations in scikit-learn, have been explored in the iris.ipynb file. The other .ipynb files were example notebooks sent to us by our mentor to get an idea about how to implement different classification techniques in Python.

 In the second miniproject, we learnt the basics of neural networks and how to modify it to suit different purposes. We explored the different types of neural networks like GANs, CNNs and RNNs and trained them on the MNIST dataset to classify handwritten digits. The outputs generated by the GANs have been placed in the Results [Results](./Results/digits) folder. We also learnt the pros and cons of using each type of neural network as well as the areas where each of them works best. 

 In the final project, we used our previous knowledge in order to train a conditional GAN called Pix2Pix. Pix2Pix is a versatile cGAN which learns a mapping from input images to output images. In our particular case, we used it to convert satellilte images into Google Maps like image output. The output generated by the cGAN has been kept in the [resultsP2P](./resultsP2P/predicted) folder. 
